title: Where to stay in Cardiff
---

# Hotels

## Recommended partner hotels

TBC by @EvilDMP - copy from last year's site found below:

The hotels listed in this section have given us preferential rates or terms or
both. Their allocation of rooms for PyCon UK attendees is likely to be
exhausted well before the conference, so **you are strongly advised to book as
early as you can**.

Note that depending upon availability you may well be able to find cheaper
rates than these, but on less flexible terms (changes and cancellation not
permitted).

Other hotels are listed after these.

Cardiff is a small city, and the weekend of PyCon UK will be busy. The longer
you leave it to book your accommodation, the more difficult it will be to get
it at a good price.

**Important:** if you find that the prices your are offered don't match the
rates advertised below, that means that they are simply no longer available. We
don't have a contract with the hotels, and once the room allocations are gone,
they're gone.

### Hotel Name

Some details about this hotel including phone number, email address and
website. Here are some details about the special rates available to PyCon UK
attendees:

* Some sort of rate.
* Some other sort of rate.

## Other Hotels

These hotels haven't given us special rates, but are conveniently located and
inexpensive.

### Ibis

There is an [Ibis Hotel](http://www.ibishotel.com/) on Churchill Way about 10
minutes' walk from City Hall.

### Clayton

[Clayton Hotel](http://www.claytonhotelcardiff.com/) is very close to the
station, and about 15 minutes' walk from City Hall.

## Use book sites

Check sites such as [Hotels.com](https://hotels.com/) and
[Booking.com](http://booking.com/) or other hotels. (Apparently if you put your
browser into private or incognito mode, you can sometimes get different,
better, prices. Who knows?)

Some hotels don't even appear on those sites, never mind offer discounts to
Pythonistas; you need to go to their websites directly and pay the same as
everyone else.

## Travelodge Hotels

There are several [Travelodge hotels](https://www.travelodge.co.uk/) in
Cardiff, including one very close to City Hall and one very close to Cardiff
Central Railway station.

## Premier Inn

There's a [Premier Inn](http://www.premierinn.com/) on Churchill Way, about ten
minute's walk away from City Hall.

# Hostels

There are a large number of [hostels](http://www.hostelworld.com/search?search_keywords=Cardiff%2C+Wales&country=Wales&city=Cardiff&date_from=2017-10-26&date_to=2017-10-29&number_of_guests=1)
in Cardiff that provide very cheap shared room accommodation for those
"backpacking". If you don't mind sharing, this is perhaps the best value for
money.

# Alternatives

There are hotels and guest-houses along Cathedral Road, a not unpleasant (this
can depend upon what the weather has to offer) walk away from City Hall through
Bute Park.

Of course, there's a wide selection of flats, spare rooms and other options
available on [Wimdu](http://www.wimdu.com/) and [AirBnB](https://www.airbnb.co.uk/).

# Get the location right

You'll have most fun at PyCon UK if you're staying somewhere a short walk from
City Hall. Here's a [handy map of hotels in the vicinity, courtesy of Google](https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/Cardiff+City+Hall/@51.4813123,-3.1780703,16z/data=!4m9!1m6!2m5!1shotel!3m3!1shotel!2sCardiff+City+Hall,+Gorsedd+Gardens+Road,+Cardiff+CF10+3ND!3s0x486e1cba4df70b67:0x6c4de08828721b10!3m1!1s0x0000000000000000:0x6c4de08828721b10?hl=en).
